README.md, before:

# GRACE platform configuration [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/grace-core.svg?style=svg&circle-token=d0bdc1c9e646280312a4a8254f7c8d4698c8729f)](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/grace-core)

This repository contains the core Terraform configuration for the [GRACE](https://github.com/gsa/devsecops#readme) platform. This includes:

* Setting up an S3 bucket for storing sensitive configuration files (outside this repository)
* Creating an IAM user and permissions for continuous deployment of this code
* Configuring the master account as an Organization
* Setting up the [Service Control Policy](https://github.com/GSA/security-benchmarks/tree/master/scp) for tenants
* Creating member accounts
* Creating groupings of member accounts ("tenants"), with a corresponding Budget and alerts

Note that the patterns in this repository are usable in other contexts, but this code can't be used directly elsewhere without tweaks, due to things like AWS account emails needing to be unique.

Also included: [an example of cross-VPC/account networking](terraform/networking).

## Initial setup

Having been done once for the account, the following steps shouldn't need to be done again. Documenting here for reference.

1. [Configure AWS](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/#authentication) with credentials for the master AWS account locally.
1. Bootstrap the account.

    ```sh
    make bootstrap
    ```

1. [Create an access key for `circle-deployer`.](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/users/circle-deployer?section=security_credentials)
1. [Save those credentials in CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/grace-core/edit#env-vars) using [AWS environment variables](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/#environment-variables).
1. [Generate the Service Control Policy](https://github.com/GSA/security-benchmarks/tree/master/scp) and save to a file.
1. Copy the policy to S3.

    ```sh
    aws s3 cp <path/to/scp.json> s3://grace-config/service_control_policy.json
    ```

CircleCI will deploy changes to the environment going forward.

## Adding a member account

For new tenants, or tenants that want an additional AWS account, create one or more new AWS accounts by:

1. **Tenant or DevSecOps team:** Add a `tenant_<name>.tf` file to [`terraform/master/`](terraform/master).
    * See [`tenant_tenant1.tf`](terraform/master/tenant_tenant1.tf) for an example.
    * The `name` and `email` for each `member_account` should be unique.
    * For the `email`, use the tenant team's Google Group with a suffix: `<tenantgroup>+<env>@gsa.gov`. For example, `myteam+staging@gsa.gov`.
1. **Tenant or DevSecOps team:** Submit the change as a pull request
1. **DevSecOps team:** Merge the pull request
1. **DevSecOps team:** Move the new account to the Tenants Organizational Unit
    * This needs to be done manually, while waiting for [Terraform support](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws/pull/4405)
    * Easiest to do so through [the Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/organizations/home)

## Security compliance

**Component approval status:** in assessment

**Relevant controls:**

Control | CSP/AWS | HOST/OS | App/DB | How is it implemented?
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
[AC-2(a)](https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/control/AC-2) | ╳ | | | AWS accounts are created for tenants of the platform as member accounts in the AWS Organization.
[AC-2(e)](https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/control/AC-2) | ╳ | | | AWS accounts are created through pull requests to this repository, which are reviewed and merged by members of the DevSecOps team after the appropriate paperwork is in place.
[AC-2(f)](https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/control/AC-2) | ╳ | | | [Terraform code in this repository](terraform/master/members.tf) creates, modifies, and removes AWS accounts for tenants of the platform.

The [Service Control Policy controls](https://github.com/GSA/security-benchmarks/tree/master/scp#compliance-information) are also inherited.

Commit message:

save tenant1's budget limit in the Parameter Store

README.md, after:

# GRACE platform configuration [![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/grace-core.svg?style=svg&circle-token=d0bdc1c9e646280312a4a8254f7c8d4698c8729f)](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/grace-core)

This repository contains the core Terraform configuration for the [GRACE](https://github.com/gsa/devsecops#readme) platform. This includes:

* Setting up an S3 bucket for storing sensitive configuration files (outside this repository)
* Creating an IAM user and permissions for continuous deployment of this code
* Configuring the master account as an Organization
* Setting up the [Service Control Policy](https://github.com/GSA/security-benchmarks/tree/master/scp) for tenants
* Creating member accounts
* Creating groupings of member accounts ("tenants"), with a corresponding Budget and alerts

Note that the patterns in this repository are usable in other contexts, but this code can't be used directly elsewhere without tweaks, due to things like AWS account emails needing to be unique.

Also included: [an example of cross-VPC/account networking](terraform/networking).

## Initial setup

Having been done once for the account, the following steps shouldn't need to be done again. Documenting here for reference.

1. [Configure AWS](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/#authentication) with credentials for the master AWS account locally.
1. Bootstrap the account.

    ```sh
    make bootstrap
    ```

1. [Create an access key for `circle-deployer`.](https://console.aws.amazon.com/iam/home#/users/circle-deployer?section=security_credentials)
1. [Save those credentials in CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/GSA/grace-core/edit#env-vars) using [AWS environment variables](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/aws/#environment-variables).
1. [Generate the Service Control Policy](https://github.com/GSA/security-benchmarks/tree/master/scp) and save to a file.
1. Copy the policy to S3.

    ```sh
    aws s3 cp <path/to/scp.json> s3://grace-config/service_control_policy.json
    ```

CircleCI will deploy changes to the environment going forward.

## Adding a member account

For new tenants, or tenants that want an additional AWS account, create one or more new AWS accounts by:

1. Create a Parameter Store parameter in the master account, either [through the Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/parameters/?region=us-east-1), or by running:

    ```sh
    aws ssm put-parameter --type String --name <name>-budget --value <budget>
    ```

1. **Tenant or DevSecOps team:** Add a `tenant_<name>.tf` file to [`terraform/master/`](terraform/master).
    * See [`tenant_tenant1.tf`](terraform/master/tenant_tenant1.tf) for an example.
    * The `name` and `email` for each `member_account` should be unique.
    * For the `email`, use the tenant team's Google Group with a suffix: `<tenantgroup>+<env>@gsa.gov`. For example, `myteam+staging@gsa.gov`.
1. **Tenant or DevSecOps team:** Submit the change as a pull request
1. **DevSecOps team:** Merge the pull request
1. **DevSecOps team:** Move the new account to the Tenants Organizational Unit
    * This needs to be done manually, while waiting for [Terraform support](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-aws/pull/4405)
    * Easiest to do so through [the Console](https://console.aws.amazon.com/organizations/home)

## Security compliance

**Component approval status:** in assessment

**Relevant controls:**

Control | CSP/AWS | HOST/OS | App/DB | How is it implemented?
--- | --- | --- | --- | ---
[AC-2(a)](https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/control/AC-2) | ╳ | | | AWS accounts are created for tenants of the platform as member accounts in the AWS Organization.
[AC-2(e)](https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/control/AC-2) | ╳ | | | AWS accounts are created through pull requests to this repository, which are reviewed and merged by members of the DevSecOps team after the appropriate paperwork is in place.
[AC-2(f)](https://nvd.nist.gov/800-53/Rev4/control/AC-2) | ╳ | | | [Terraform code in this repository](terraform/master/members.tf) creates, modifies, and removes AWS accounts for tenants of the platform.

The [Service Control Policy controls](https://github.com/GSA/security-benchmarks/tree/master/scp#compliance-information) are also inherited.
